Add maps concept (#2593)
exercism/java: exercises/concept/arcade-high-score/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

In this exercise, you're implementing a way to keep track of the high scores for the most popular game in your local arcade hall.

## 1. Define a new high score map

To make a new high score map, create an empty `HashMap` object by initialising the `Map<String, Integer> highScores` declaration provided.

```java

> System.out.println(ArcadeHighScore.highScores);
> // => {} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArcadeHighScore arcadeHighScore = new ArcadeHighScore();
arcadeHighScore.getHighScores();
// => {} 
```

```

## 2. Add players to the high score map

> To add a player to the high score map, define `ArcadeHighScore.addPlayer()`, which is a function which takes two arguments:
> 
> - The first argument is the players name as a String.
> - The second argument is the players score as an Integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a player to the high score map, implement the `ArcadeHighScore.addPlayer()` method, which takes the player's name and score as arguments.

When called, it should store the player and their score in the `highScores` map.
```

````java

> ArcadeHighScore.addPlayer("Dave Thomas", 0);
> 
> // => {Dave Thomas=0}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arcadeHighScore.addPlayer("Dave Thomas", 0);
arcadeHighScore.getHighScores();
// => {Dave Thomas=0}
```

````

## 3. Remove players from the score map

> To remove a player from the high score map, define the `ArcadeHighScore.removePlayer()` method, which takes one argument:
> 
> - The argument is the key of the item, in this case the name of the player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove a player from the high score map, implement the `ArcadeHighScore.removePlayer()` method, which takes the player's name as an argument.

When called, it should remove the entry associated to the player from the `highScores` map.
```

````java

> ArcadeHighScore.removePlayer("Dave Thomas");
> 
> // => {}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arcadeHighScore.removePlayer("Dave Thomas");
arcadeHighScore.getHighScores();
// => {}
```

````

## 4. Reset a player's score

> To reset a player's score, define the `ArcadeHighScore.resetScore()` method, which takes 1 argument:
> 
> - The argument is the players name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reset a player's score, implement the `ArcadeHighScore.resetScore()` method, which takes the player's name as an argument.

When called, it should reset the score of the player to `0` in the `highScores` map.
```

```java

> ArcadeHighScore.resetScore("Dave Thomas");
> // => (Dave Thomas=0);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arcadeHighScore.resetScore("Dave Thomas");
arcadeHighScore.getHighScores();
// => (Dave Thomas=0);
```

```

## 5. Update a player's score

> To update a player's score by adding to the previous score, define `ArcadeHighScore.updateScore()`, which takes two arguments:
> 
> - The first argument is the name of the player whose score you wish to update.
> - The second argument is the score that you wish to **add** to their current high score.
> 
> The function should also work if the player doesn't have a previous score - assume the previous score is 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update a player's score by adding to the previous score, implement `ArcadeHighScore.updateScore()` method, which takes the player's name and their new score as arguments.

When called, it should _add_ the new score to the player's previous score stored in the `highScores` map.
If the player doesn't have a previous score, assume the previous score is `0`.
```

```java

> // Adding a players score to update.
> ArcadeHighScore.addPlayer("Lional Messi", 48);
> // => {Lionel Messi=48}
> 
> ArcadeHighScore.updateScore("Lionel Messi", 40);
> // => {Lionel Messi=88}
>         
> // Updating a players score who doesn't have a previous score
> ArcadeHighScore.updateScore("Dave Thomas", 57);
> // => {Lionel Messi=88, Dave Thomas=57}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArcadeHighScore arcadeHighScore = new ArcadeHighScore();

// Adding a players score to update
arcadeHighScore.addPlayer("Lionel Messi", 48);
arcadeHighScore.updateScore("Lionel Messi", 40);
arcadeHighScore.getHighScores();
// => {Lionel Messi=88}

// Updating a players score who doesn't have a previous score
arcadeHighScore.updateScore("Dave Thomas", 57);
arcadeHighScore.getHighScores();
// => {Lionel Messi=88, Dave Thomas=57}
```

```

## 6. Get a list of players

> To get a list of players, define the `ArcadeHighScore.listOfPlayers()`, which takes no arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a list of players, implement the `ArcadeHighScore.getPlayers()` method.

When called, it should return a collection containing all player's names currently stored in the `highScores` map.
```

````java

> ArcadeHighScore.listOfPlayers();
> // => {Lionel Messi, Dave Thomas}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arcadeHighScore.getPlayers();
// => {Lionel Messi, Dave Thomas}
```
